Link: https://github.com/ashishps1/awesome-behavioral-interviews

1. Tell me about yourself.
=> Hello,

My name is Shital Bhandare, and I hail from the Sangli District. 
With over 9 years of experience in the software industry, I specialize in back-end development. 
I hold a degree in Computer Science from Walchand College, Sangli, and a post-graduate degree in Software Systems from BITS Pilani.

I am currently employed at Druva Data Solutions in Pune. 
Prior to this, I worked at Veritas, now known as Arctera.io. 
Throughout my career, I have developed expertise in various technologies and programming languages, including GoLang, Python, C, and AWS services.

In my most recent role at Druva, I was a member of the Realize team. 
My responsibilities included leading a team of 5-6 members and managing end-to-end feature ownership, from requirement gathering and impact analysis to design (HLD, LLD), development, code review of junior engineers, dev testing (UT/CT addition), deployment, and maintenance. 
This role required collaboration with PM, UX, UI, cross-team dev/QA, DevOps, CloudOps, and other teams.

I am seeking a similar role where I can contribute to innovative projects.


2. Tell me about a time you had a disagreement with your manager.
=> There was a time when release was approaching. We were crunching on QA bandwidth. So manager suggested to release the feature without automation but only with Manual testing.
I was not agree with this decision becuase automation gives us the confidence and way to check for any regression.
I discussed with him about this and we delayed the relases. We esured that automation and manual testing is complete.
Note: Add some more points to this while discussing.


3. Tell me about a situation when you had a conflict with a teammate.
=> Yes.
Tell recent example of Safe Mode where to add validation check ..CPortal or Master Service..Check in validate_download and download cases.
My opinion: Master service and download() only
Teammate opinion: CPortal and validate_download and download() both
LLD review: Discussed with Architects and agreed on my approach.


4. Tell me about a time you failed. How did you deal with the situation?
=> Yes. First 6 months were critical in Druva. Joined in lockdown period. Culture, process and release difference in Veritas and Druva. 
Had difficulty in managing. 1 month went in onboarding and later had lockdown. Lowest perfomance, less increment.
Had talk with manager. Took the feedback constructively, positively and did bmy best. I had promotions, team switches and handled projects well.

5. Describe a time when you led a team. What was the outcome?
=> Realize Fedramp release. Team of 2 dev and 1 QA. Involved cross teams communication
Initiated first discussion with all stakeholders. Mangers helped to create virtual team. Created all communication channel.
Frequent follow ups with team. Guided junior engineers. Dig deeper and followed whatever required.
Documented very well that got email from Cross team about appreciation.


6. Tell me about a time you worked well under pressure.
=> Hydra project release for multi cloud deployments. Had to do under pressure because of tight deadlines. Did it successfully.


7. Provide an example of a time when you had to make a difficult decision.
=> QR refactoring so that new workloads addition would be easy.

8. Describe a time when you went above and beyond the requirements for a project.
=> Not as such but can give FedRAMP example that dig down deeper and figured out ways to satisfy the control.

9. How do you handle a situation where you don't know the answer to a question?
=> Try to be honest and tell that will get back to you later.

10. Describe a time you received tough or critical feedback
=> First feedback cycle at Druva. Received improvement feedback.

11. Describe a time when you had to give someone difficult feedback. How did you handle it?
=> Junior Engineers code review comments about documentation. Gave constructive feedback and he improved a lot later.

12. Tell me about a time when you had to prioritize your tasks quickly.
=> Feature development work was ongoing and suddenly the code review for critical escalation came up and I had switch on that since we had to give hotfix.

13. Describe a time when you anticipated potential problems and developed preventive measures.
=> License Rationalization: DB upgrade for large table was time taking. It could have lead to more downtime. So, took preventive measure and resuced the speed of DB upgrade.

14. Describe a situation where you had to deal with a difficult customer.
=> As product based company, not directy worked with customer. Ericsson issue when I was in CFT team. Customer had some demands and we get on the call with customer and 
resolved it within given timeline.

15. Tell me about a time when you missed a deadline. What happened, and how did you handle it?
=> Most of the time, we stretched and met the deadline. In case of such situation, we would have given right option and increased the timeline.



